== Description

The CafePress Products Extension was created to answer the call of many affiliates: I want a fun way to advertise my gear and earn money at the same time. We've finally created the perfect tool for affiliates and shopkeepers alike to promote their merchandise and generate sales.  You can use it to display your favorite goodies for fun as well!

== Files

1. cafepress_backend.zip - adds cafepress button to TinyMCE. This builds the short-code that is inserted to the articles
2. cafepress_frontend.zip - converts short-code from article text in the front-end to the actual product listing. Requires back-end plugin.
3. mod_cafepresswidget.zip - module that inserts the animated widget. This can be independently installed without the plugins

== Installing the extension

1. Tinymce Plugin (cafepress_backend.zip)

   * Login to the admin back-end of Joomla
   * Go to Extensions > Extension Manager. Click on the install tab
   * Click Browse in the Upload Package File section of the page. Browse and install the cafepress_backend.zip
   * Go to Extensions > Plug-in Manager. Click on "Button - CafePress" . Make sure it is Enabled and Save and Close
   * Go to Content > Article Manager > Add New Article . The CafePress Button should be at the button of the TinyMCE editor
   * Click on the button and provide the info
   * Set "Start Publishing" to a past date and "Finish Publishing" to a future date
   * Save and Close 

2. Content Plugin (cafepress_frontend.zip)

   * Login to the admin back-end of Joomla
   * Go to Extensions > Extension Manager. Click on the install tab
   * Click Browse in the Upload Package File section of the page. Browse and install the cafepress_frontend.zip
   * Go to Extensions > Plug-in Manager. Click on "Content - CafePress" . Make sure it is Enabled and Save and Close
   * Go to the Article where you inserted a CafePress short-code

3. CafePress Widget (mod_cafepresswidget.zip)

   * Login to the admin back-end of Joomla
   * Go to Extensions > Extension Manager. Click on the install tab
   * Click Browse in the Upload Package File section of the page. Browse and install the mod_cafepresswidget.zip
   * Go to Extensions > Module Manager. Click on "Widget - CafePress"
   * Modify the Position. I selected position-7 , this will show the widget at the left or right navigation of the front-end
   * Set the Start Publishing and Finish Publishing. This is similar to saving in articles.
   * Modify the options using the Basic Options panel at the right side of the page. 
   * Save and close

== NOTES

* For the article to show up make sure when you save it that the Start Publishing is in the past date and Finish Publishing is in the future date. 
* For all of the above make sure in the Plug-in Manager and Module Manager listing their status is Published (green check mark). If not click on the status to publish it.


